[terra-table] Uplift Table components, create HTML Table (#2615)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-table/src/terra-dev-site/doc/table/Table.1.doc.mdx

import Default from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/DefaultTable?dev-site-example';
import CompactPaddingTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/CompactPaddingTable?dev-site-example';
import StandardPaddingTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/StandardPaddingTable?dev-site-example';
import StripedTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/StripedTable?dev-site-example';
import CustomHeaderFooterNodeTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/CustomHeaderFooterNodeTable?dev-site-example';
import ScrollingTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/ScrollingTable?dev-site-example';
import PropsTable from 'terra-table/src/Table?dev-site-props-table';

<Badge />

# Terra Table

The Terra Table is a structural component used to create data tables. This table also provides means of row selection and hooks for sortable columns.

## Getting Started

- Install with [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com):
  - `npm install terra-table`

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START Peer Dependencies -->
<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

## Usage

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import Table from 'terra-table';

<Table

>   headerData={{

Reviewer: We should add `summary` and `summaryID` since they are required props

    ],
  }}
  bodyData={[
    {
      rows: [
        {
          key: 'row-0',
          cells: [
            { key: 'cell-0', children: 'John Smith' },
            { key: 'cell-1', children: '123 Adams Drive' },
            { key: 'cell-2', children: '111-222-3333' },
          ],
        },
      ],
    }
  ]}
/>
```

## Component Features

 * [Cross-Browser Support](https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/blob/master/src/terra-dev-site/contributing/ComponentStandards.e.contributing.md#cross-browser-support)
 * [Responsive Support](https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/blob/master/src/terra-dev-site/contributing/ComponentStandards.e.contributing.md#responsive-support)
 * [Mobile Support](https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/blob/master/src/terra-dev-site/contributing/ComponentStandards.e.contributing.md#mobile-support)
 * [LTR/RTL Support](https://github.com/cerner/terra-ui/blob/master/src/terra-dev-site/contributing/ComponentStandards.e.contributing.md#ltr--rtl-support)

[View component source code](https://github.com/cerner/terra-core/tree/master/packages/terra-table)

# Examples

<DefaultTable />

<StandardPaddingTable />

<CompactPaddingTable />

> <StripedTable />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<StripedTable title="Striped Table, No Padding Table" description="(Note: the no padding style table is intended for tables with custom cell content that includes it's own internal spacing)" />
```

> <CustomHeaderFooterNodeTable />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<CustomHeaderFooterNodeTable description="Additional toolbars can be placed above and/or below (e.g. pagination) any table to enhance usability:" />
```

import { Badge } from 'terra-table/package.json?dev-site-package';
import Default from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/DefaultTable?dev-site-example';
import CompactPaddingTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/CompactPaddingTable?dev-site-example';
import StandardPaddingTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/StandardPaddingTable?dev-site-example';
import StripedTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/StripedTable?dev-site-example';
import CustomHeaderFooterNodeTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/CustomHeaderFooterNodeTable?dev-site-example';
import ScrollingTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/example/ScrollingTable?dev-site-example';
import PropsTable from 'terra-table/src/Table?dev-site-props-table';

<Badge />

# Terra Table

> The Terra Table is a structural component used to create data tables. This table also provides means of row selection and hooks for sortable columns.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Terra Table is a structural component used to create data tables. Table provides means to handle row selection and hooks for sortable columns.
```

Author: Updated.

## Getting Started

- Install with [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com):
  - `npm install terra-table`

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START Peer Dependencies -->
<!-- AUTO-GENERATED-CONTENT:END -->

## Usage

> ```jsx

Reviewer 3: If you put this example in a jsx component and pulled it in with the codeblock loader you could get linting for free.
https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-dev-site/getting-started/terra-dev-site/webpack-loaders/codeblock-loader#codeblock-loader

I wonder if we should add a prop to the example loader to have the code open by default.
